
########################################
What is different about a Cloud platform
########################################

When comparing the functions and services of a cloud platform with the
traditional method of using VM's from a host provider or High Performance
Compute (HPC), you are able to find clear similarities between the two.
However, when taking a deeper look at the two methods both conceptual and
practically, you will see that there are some striking differences.

In the past you may have purchased a series of virtual machines that already
have a specific size for the VM's RAM and storage space. You would then pay a
predefined amount for these virtual machines on a monthly basis. If you wanted
to increase the size of your storage, RAM or the amount of virtual machines you
are using, you would have to renegotiate the price of your monthly bill. While
you had this ‘subscription’ the virtual machines were yours and you paid the
same price regardless of how much you used them; meaning that if you only used
them for a week or anything less than 24/7 you were not getting the most out of
your monthly bill.

On a cloud based system you only pay for what is used and you can change your
resources on the fly. If you need to horizontally scale an instance you can
simply spin up more compute nodes. If you need to increase the size of your
block storage, then you can add a new volume to your instance, or you can use
our object storage service as an alternative. In a cloud environment your
instances and other resources are scheduled by the cloud and you are only
billed for the amount of resources you use.

After understanding these differences and the benefits that a Cloud platform
can provide your business, the next step is understanding how to migrate to the
Catalyst Cloud
